README.md, before:

# Flutter Extensions Package

[![Version](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Install](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Downloads](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/downloads/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Ratings](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack&ssr=false#review-details)

This extension package contains useful extensions for working with Flutter in visual studio code.

### Extensions Included

- [Awesome Flutter Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Nash.awesome-flutter-snippets) - Awesome Flutter Snippets is a collection snippets and shortcuts for commonly used Flutter functions and classes.
- [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens) - Improve highlighting of errors, warnings and other language diagnostics.
- [Dart](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.dart-code) - Dart language support and debugger for Visual Studio Code.
- [Flutter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.flutter) - lutter support and debugger for Visual Studio Code.
- [Flutter Print](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-print) - Help insert and remove print(*) statement.
- [Flutter Tree](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=marcelovelasquez.flutter-tree) - Extension for Flutter to build basic widget tree.
- [Flutter Widget Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alexisvt.flutter-snippets) - A set of helpful widget snippets for day to day Flutter development.
- [Image preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kisstkondoros.vscode-gutter-preview) - Shows image preview in the gutter and on hover.
- [Json to Dart Model](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hirantha.json-to-dart) - Extension convert Json to Dart Model class.
- [Pubspec Assist](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jeroen-meijer.pubspec-assist) - Easily add and update dependencies to your Dart and Flutter project.

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

Added the extension Dart Barrel File Generator.

README.md, after:

# Flutter Extensions Package

[![Version](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/version/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Install](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/installs/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Downloads](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/downloads/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack)
[![Ratings](https://vsmarketplacebadge.apphb.com/rating-short/ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack.svg)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-development-extensions-pack&ssr=false#review-details)

This extension package contains useful extensions for working with Flutter in visual studio code.

### Extensions Included

- [Awesome Flutter Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Nash.awesome-flutter-snippets) - Awesome Flutter Snippets is a collection snippets and shortcuts for commonly used Flutter functions and classes.
- [Error Lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens) - Improve highlighting of errors, warnings and other language diagnostics.
- [Dart](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.dart-code) - Dart language support and debugger for Visual Studio Code.
- [Dart Barrel File Generator](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=miquelddg.dart-barrel-file-generator) - Generates barrel files for dart projects and Flutter apps.
- [Flutter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dart-Code.flutter) - lutter support and debugger for Visual Studio Code.
- [Flutter Print](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ricardo-emerson.flutter-print) - Help insert and remove print(*) statement.
- [Flutter Tree](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=marcelovelasquez.flutter-tree) - Extension for Flutter to build basic widget tree.
- [Flutter Widget Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=alexisvt.flutter-snippets) - A set of helpful widget snippets for day to day Flutter development.
- [Image preview](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=kisstkondoros.vscode-gutter-preview) - Shows image preview in the gutter and on hover.
- [Json to Dart Model](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hirantha.json-to-dart) - Extension convert Json to Dart Model class.
- [Pubspec Assist](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jeroen-meijer.pubspec-assist) - Easily add and update dependencies to your Dart and Flutter project.

**Enjoy!**
